# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Resource types

* [`selboolean`](#selboolean): Manages SELinux booleans on systems with SELinux support.
* [`selmodule`](#selmodule): Manages loading and unloading of SELinux policy modules on the system. Requires SELinux support.

## Resource types

### <a name="selboolean"></a>`selboolean`

The supported booleans are any of the ones found in `/selinux/booleans/`.

#### Properties

The following properties are available in the `selboolean` type.

##### `value`

Valid values: `on`, `off`, `true`, `false`

Whether the SELinux boolean should be enabled or disabled.
#{value_doc}

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `selboolean` type.

* [`name`](#-selboolean--name)
* [`persistent`](#-selboolean--persistent)
* [`provider`](#-selboolean--provider)

##### <a name="-selboolean--name"></a>`name`

namevar

The name of the SELinux boolean to be managed.

##### <a name="-selboolean--persistent"></a>`persistent`

Valid values: `true`, `false`

If set true, SELinux booleans will be written to disk and persist across reboots.
The default is `false`.

Default value: `false`

##### <a name="-selboolean--provider"></a>`provider`

The specific backend to use for this `selboolean` resource. You will seldom need to specify this --- Puppet will usually
discover the appropriate provider for your platform.

### <a name="selmodule"></a>`selmodule`

See man semodule(8) for more information on SELinux policy modules.

**Autorequires:** If Puppet is managing the file containing this SELinux
policy module (which is either explicitly specified in the `selmodulepath`
attribute or will be found at {`selmoduledir`}/{`name`}.pp), the selmodule
resource will autorequire that file.

#### Properties

The following properties are available in the `selmodule` type.

##### `ensure`

Valid values: `present`, `absent`

The basic property that the resource should be in.

Default value: `present`

##### `syncversion`

Valid values: `true`, `false`

If set to `true`, the policy will be reloaded if the
version found in the on-disk file differs from the loaded
version.  If set to `false` (the default) the only check
that will be made is if the policy is loaded at all or not.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `selmodule` type.

* [`name`](#-selmodule--name)
* [`provider`](#-selmodule--provider)
* [`selmoduledir`](#-selmodule--selmoduledir)
* [`selmodulepath`](#-selmodule--selmodulepath)

##### <a name="-selmodule--name"></a>`name`

namevar

The name of the SELinux policy to be managed.  You should not
include the customary trailing .pp extension.

##### <a name="-selmodule--provider"></a>`provider`

The specific backend to use for this `selmodule` resource. You will seldom need to specify this --- Puppet will usually
discover the appropriate provider for your platform.

##### <a name="-selmodule--selmoduledir"></a>`selmoduledir`

The directory to look for the compiled pp module file in.
Currently defaults to `/usr/share/selinux/targeted`.  If the
`selmodulepath` attribute is not specified, Puppet will expect to find
the module in `<selmoduledir>/<name>.pp`, where `name` is the value of the
`name` parameter.

Default value: `/usr/share/selinux/targeted`

##### <a name="-selmodule--selmodulepath"></a>`selmodulepath`

The full path to the compiled .pp policy module.  You only need to use
this if the module file is not in the `selmoduledir` directory.

